---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about an existing Domain that has been added to a Vercel account or team.
  This is distinct from a vercel_project_domain, which associates a domain name with a specific project.
---

# vercel_domain (Data Source)

Provides information about an existing Domain that has been added to a Vercel account or team.

This is distinct from a `vercel_project_domain`, which associates a domain name with a specific project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vercel_domain" "example" {
  name = "example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the domain.

### Optional

- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team the domain exists under. Required when configuring a team resource if a default team has not been set in the provider.

### Read-Only

- `bought_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds when the domain was purchased, if it was purchased through Vercel.
- `cdn_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the domain has the Vercel Edge Network enabled or not.
- `created_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds when the domain was created in the registry.
- `custom_nameservers` (List of String) A list of custom nameservers for the domain to point to. Only applies to domains purchased with Vercel.
- `expires_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds at which the domain is set to expire. Null if not bought with Vercel.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the domain.
- `intended_nameservers` (List of String) A list of the intended nameservers for the domain to point to Vercel DNS.
- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of the current nameservers of the domain.
- `verified` (Boolean) Whether the domain has its ownership verified.
- `zone` (Boolean) Whether a DNS zone has been created for the domain on Vercel.
