---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_project Data Source - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about an existing project within Vercel.
  A Project groups deployments and custom domains. To deploy on Vercel, you need a Project.
  For more detailed information, please see the Vercel documentation https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/overview.
---

# vercel_project (Data Source)

Provides information about an existing project within Vercel.

A Project groups deployments and custom domains. To deploy on Vercel, you need a Project.

For more detailed information, please see the [Vercel documentation](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/overview).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vercel_project" "foo" {
  name = "my-existing-project"
}

# Outputs prj_xxxxxx
output "project_id" {
  value = data.vercel_project.foo.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the project.

### Optional

- `team_id` (String) The team ID the project exists beneath. Required when configuring a team resource if a default team has not been set in the provider.

### Read-Only

- `auto_assign_custom_domains` (Boolean) Automatically assign custom production domains after each Production deployment via merge to the production branch or Vercel CLI deploy with --prod. Defaults to `true`
- `automatically_expose_system_environment_variables` (Boolean) Vercel provides a set of Environment Variables that are automatically populated by the System, such as the URL of the Deployment or the name of the Git branch deployed. To expose them to your Deployments, enable this field
- `build_command` (String) The build command for this project. If omitted, this value will be automatically detected.
- `customer_success_code_visibility` (Boolean) Allows Vercel Customer Support to inspect all Deployments' source code in this project to assist with debugging.
- `dev_command` (String) The dev command for this project. If omitted, this value will be automatically detected.
- `directory_listing` (Boolean) If no index file is present within a directory, the directory contents will be displayed.
- `environment` (Attributes Set) A list of environment variables that should be configured for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment))
- `framework` (String) The framework that is being used for this project. If omitted, no framework is selected.
- `function_failover` (Boolean) Automatically failover Serverless Functions to the nearest region. You can customize regions through vercel.json. A new Deployment is required for your changes to take effect.
- `git_comments` (Attributes) Configuration for Git Comments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git_comments))
- `git_fork_protection` (Boolean) Ensures that pull requests targeting your Git repository must be authorized by a member of your Team before deploying if your Project has Environment Variables or if the pull request includes a change to vercel.json.
- `git_lfs` (Boolean) Enables Git LFS support. Git LFS replaces large files such as audio samples, videos, datasets, and graphics with text pointers inside Git, while storing the file contents on a remote server like GitHub.com or GitHub Enterprise.
- `git_repository` (Attributes) The Git Repository that will be connected to the project. When this is defined, any pushes to the specified connected Git Repository will be automatically deployed. This requires the corresponding Vercel for [Github](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/git/vercel-for-github), [Gitlab](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/git/vercel-for-gitlab) or [Bitbucket](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/git/vercel-for-bitbucket) plugins to be installed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git_repository))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ignore_command` (String) When a commit is pushed to the Git repository that is connected with your Project, its SHA will determine if a new Build has to be issued. If the SHA was deployed before, no new Build will be issued. You can customize this behavior with a command that exits with code 1 (new Build needed) or code 0.
- `install_command` (String) The install command for this project. If omitted, this value will be automatically detected.
- `oidc_token_config` (Attributes) Configuration for OpenID Connect (OIDC) tokens. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oidc_token_config))
- `options_allowlist` (Attributes) Disable Deployment Protection for CORS preflight `OPTIONS` requests for a list of paths. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options_allowlist))
- `output_directory` (String) The output directory of the project. When null is used this value will be automatically detected.
- `password_protection` (Attributes) Ensures visitors of your Preview Deployments must enter a password in order to gain access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_protection))
- `preview_comments` (Boolean) Whether comments are enabled on your Preview Deployments.
- `prioritise_production_builds` (Boolean) If enabled, builds for the Production environment will be prioritized over Preview environments.
- `protection_bypass_for_automation` (Boolean) Allows automation services to bypass Vercel Authentication and Password Protection for both Preview and Production Deployments on this project when using an HTTP header named `x-vercel-protection-bypass`.
- `public_source` (Boolean) Specifies whether the source code and logs of the deployments for this project should be public or not.
- `resource_config` (Attributes) Resource Configuration for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_config))
- `root_directory` (String) The name of a directory or relative path to the source code of your project. When null is used it will default to the project root.
- `serverless_function_region` (String) The region on Vercel's network to which your Serverless Functions are deployed. It should be close to any data source your Serverless Function might depend on. A new Deployment is required for your changes to take effect. Please see [Vercel's documentation](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/edge-network/regions) for a full list of regions.
- `skew_protection` (String) Ensures that outdated clients always fetch the correct version for a given deployment. This value defines how long Vercel keeps Skew Protection active.
- `trusted_ips` (Attributes) Ensures only visitors from an allowed IP address can access your deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trusted_ips))
- `vercel_authentication` (Attributes) Ensures visitors to your Preview Deployments are logged into Vercel and have a minimum of Viewer access on your team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vercel_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) A comment explaining what the environment variable is for.
- `git_branch` (String) The git branch of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) The ID of the environment variable
- `key` (String) The name of the environment variable.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) Whether the Environment Variable is sensitive or not. Note that the value will be `null` for sensitive environment variables.
- `target` (Set of String) The environments that the environment variable should be present on. Valid targets are either `production`, `preview`, or `development`.
- `value` (String) The value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--git_comments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_comments`

Required:

- `on_commit` (Boolean) Whether Commit comments are enabled
- `on_pull_request` (Boolean) Whether Pull Request comments are enabled


<a id="nestedatt--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_repository`

Read-Only:

- `deploy_hooks` (Attributes Set) Deploy hooks are unique URLs that allow you to trigger a deployment of a given branch. See https://vercel.com/docs/deployments/deploy-hooks for full information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git_repository--deploy_hooks))
- `production_branch` (String) By default, every commit pushed to the main branch will trigger a Production Deployment instead of the usual Preview Deployment. You can switch to a different branch here.
- `repo` (String) The name of the git repository. For example: `vercel/next.js`.
- `type` (String) The git provider of the repository. Must be either `github`, `gitlab`, or `bitbucket`.

<a id="nestedatt--git_repository--deploy_hooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_repository.deploy_hooks`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the deploy hook.
- `name` (String) The name of the deploy hook.
- `ref` (String) The branch or commit hash that should be deployed.
- `url` (String, Sensitive) A URL that, when a POST request is made to, will trigger a new deployment.



<a id="nestedatt--oidc_token_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_token_config`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) When true, Vercel issued OpenID Connect (OIDC) tokens will be available on the compute environments. See https://vercel.com/docs/security/secure-backend-access/oidc for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--options_allowlist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options_allowlist`

Read-Only:

- `paths` (List of Object) The allowed paths for the OPTIONS Allowlist. Incoming requests will bypass Deployment Protection if they have the method `OPTIONS` and **start with** one of the path values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options_allowlist--paths))

<a id="nestedatt--options_allowlist--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options_allowlist.paths`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--password_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_protection`

Read-Only:

- `deployment_type` (String) The deployment environment that will be protected.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_config`

Read-Only:

- `function_default_cpu_type` (String) The amount of CPU available to your Serverless Functions. Should be one of 'standard_legacy' (0.6vCPU), 'standard' (1vCPU) or 'performance' (1.7vCPUs).
- `function_default_timeout` (Number) The default timeout for Serverless Functions.


<a id="nestedatt--trusted_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trusted_ips`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (List of Object) The allowed IP addressses and CIDR ranges with optional descriptions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trusted_ips--addresses))
- `deployment_type` (String) The deployment environment that will be protected.
- `protection_mode` (String) Whether or not Trusted IPs is required or optional to access a deployment.

<a id="nestedatt--trusted_ips--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trusted_ips.addresses`

Read-Only:

- `note` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--vercel_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vercel_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `deployment_type` (String) The deployment environment that will be protected.
