---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_secure_compute_network Data Source - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about an existing Vercel Secure Compute Network.
  This data source allows you to retrieve details about a Secure Compute Network by its name and optional team ID.
---

# vercel_secure_compute_network (Data Source)

Provides information about an existing Vercel Secure Compute Network.

This data source allows you to retrieve details about a Secure Compute Network by its name and optional team ID.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Secure Compute Network configuration.

### Optional

- `team_id` (String) The ID of the Vercel team the Secure Compute Network belongs to. If omitted, the provider will use the team configured on the provider or the user's default team.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zone_ids` (Set of String) A set of AWS Availability Zone IDs where the Secure Compute Network resources are deployed.
- `aws` (Attributes) AWS configuration for the Secure Compute Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws))
- `cidr_block` (String) The CIDR block assigned to the Secure Compute Network.
- `configuration_status` (String) The operational status of the Secure Compute Network (e.g., 'ready', 'create_in_progress').
- `dc` (String) The data center (region) associated with the Secure Compute Network.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Secure Compute Network.
- `peering_connections_count` (Number) The number of peering connections established for this Secure Compute Network.
- `project_ids` (Set of String) A list of Vercel Project IDs connected to this Secure Compute Network.
- `projects_count` (Number) The number of Vercel Projects connected to this Secure Compute Network.
- `version` (String) The current version identifier of the Secure Compute Network configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The AWS account ID.
- `elastic_ip_addresses` (Set of String) A list of Elastic IP addresses.
- `lambda_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the Lambda role.
- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the security group.
- `stack_id` (String) The ID of the CloudFormation stack.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) A list of subnet IDs.
- `subscription_arn` (String) The ARN of the subscription.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC.
