---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_team_config Data Source - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves the configuration of an existing Vercel Team.
---

# vercel_team_config (Data Source)

Retrieves the configuration of an existing Vercel Team.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vercel_team_config" "example" {
  id   = "team_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" // Replace with your team ID
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the existing Vercel Team.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A description of the team.
- `email_domain` (String) Hostname that'll be matched with emails on sign-up to automatically join the Team.
- `enable_preview_feedback` (String) Preview feedback configuration.
- `enable_production_feedback` (String) Production feedback configuration.
- `hide_ip_addresses` (Boolean) Indicates if ip addresses should be accessible in o11y tooling.
- `hide_ip_addresses_in_log_drains` (Boolean) Indicates if ip addresses should be accessible in log drains.
- `invite_code` (String) A code that can be used to join this team. Only visible to Team owners.
- `name` (String) The name of the team.
- `on_demand_concurrent_builds` (Boolean) Instantly scale build capacity to skip the queue, even if all build slots are in use. You can also choose a larger build machine; charges apply per minute if it exceeds your team's default.
- `preview_deployment_suffix` (String) The hostname that is used as the preview deployment suffix.
- `remote_caching` (Attributes) Configuration for Remote Caching. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_caching))
- `saml` (Attributes) Configuration for SAML authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml))
- `sensitive_environment_variable_policy` (String) The policy for sensitive environment variables.
- `slug` (String) The slug of the team. Used in the URL of the team's dashboard.

<a id="nestedatt--remote_caching"></a>

### Nested Schema for `remote_caching`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if Remote Caching is enabled.

<a id="nestedatt--saml"></a>

### Nested Schema for `saml`

Read-Only:

- `enforced` (Boolean) Indicates if SAML is enforced for the team.
- `roles` (Attributes Map) Directory groups to role or access group mappings. For each directory group, either a role or access group id is specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml--roles))

<a id="nestedatt--saml--roles"></a>

### Nested Schema for `saml.roles`

Read-Only:

- `access_group_id` (String) The access group the assign is assigned to.
- `role` (String) The team level role the user is assigned. One of 'MEMBER', 'OWNER', 'VIEWER', 'DEVELOPER', 'BILLING' or 'CONTRIBUTOR'.
