---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_domain Resource - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Domain resource.
  This adds an existing apex domain to a Vercel account or team. This is distinct from a vercel_project_domain,
  which associates a domain name with a specific project.
---

# vercel_domain (Resource)

Provides a Domain resource.

This adds an existing apex domain to a Vercel account or team. This is distinct from a `vercel_project_domain`,
which associates a domain name with a specific project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vercel_domain" "example" {
  name = "example.com"
  # Create a DNS zone on Vercel and use Vercel's nameservers.
  zone = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the domain to add.

### Optional

- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team the domain should exist under. Required when configuring a team resource if a default team has not been set in the provider.
- `zone` (Boolean) Whether a DNS zone should be created for the domain on Vercel. Set to `true` if using Vercel nameservers.

### Read-Only

- `bought_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds when the domain was purchased, if it was purchased through Vercel.
- `created_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds when the domain was created in the registry.
- `custom_nameservers` (List of String) A list of custom nameservers for the domain to point to. Only applies to domains purchased with Vercel.
- `expires_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds at which the domain is set to expire. Null if not bought with Vercel.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the domain.
- `intended_nameservers` (List of String) A list of the intended nameservers for the domain to point to Vercel DNS.
- `nameservers` (List of String) A list of the current nameservers of the domain.
- `verified` (Boolean) Whether the domain has its ownership verified.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# If importing into a personal account, or with a team configured on
# the provider, simply use the domain name.
terraform import vercel_domain.example example.com

# Alternatively, you can import via the team_id and domain name.
# - team_id can be found in the team `settings` tab in the Vercel UI.
terraform import vercel_domain.example team_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx/example.com
```
