---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_microfrontend_group Resource - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Microfrontend Group resource.
  A Microfrontend Group is a definition of a microfrontend belonging to a Vercel Team.
  Example:
  resource "vercel_microfrontend_group" "my-microfrontend-group" {
  name = "microfrontend test"
  projects = {
  (vercel_project.my-parent-project.id) = {
  is_default_app = true
  }
  (vercel_project.my-child-project.id) = {
  is_default_app = false
  }
  }
  }
---

# vercel_microfrontend_group (Resource)

Provides a Microfrontend Group resource.

A Microfrontend Group is a definition of a microfrontend belonging to a Vercel Team. 

Example:

resource "vercel_microfrontend_group" "my-microfrontend-group" {
  name = "microfrontend test"
  projects = {
    (vercel_project.my-parent-project.id) = {
      is_default_app = true
    }
    (vercel_project.my-child-project.id) = {
      is_default_app = false
    }
  }
}



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A human readable name for the microfrontends group.
- `projects` (Attributes Map) A map of project ids to project configuration that belong to the microfrontend group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects))

### Optional

- `team_id` (String) The team ID to add the microfrontend group to. Required when configuring a team resource if a default team has not been set in the provider.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the group of microfrontends. Example: mfe_12HKQaOmR5t5Uy6vdcQsNIiZgHGB
- `slug` (String) A slugified version of the name.

<a id="nestedatt--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects`

Optional:

- `default_route` (String) The default route for the project. Used for the screenshot of deployments.
- `is_default_app` (Boolean) Whether the project is the default app for the microfrontend group. Microfrontend groups must have exactly one default app. (Omit false values)
- `route_observability_to_this_project` (Boolean) Whether the project is route observability for this project. If dalse, the project will be route observability for all projects to the default project.
