---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_team_member Resource - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provider a resource for managing a team member.
---

# vercel_team_member (Resource)

Provider a resource for managing a team member.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vercel_team_member" "by_user_id" {
  team_id = "team_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  user_id = "uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu"
  role    = "MEMBER"
}

resource "vercel_team_member" "by_email" {
  team_id = "team_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  email   = "example@example.com"
  role    = "MEMBER"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role` (String) The role that the user should have in the project. One of 'MEMBER', 'OWNER', 'VIEWER', 'DEVELOPER', 'BILLING' or 'CONTRIBUTOR'. Depending on your Team's plan, some of these roles may be unavailable.
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the existing Vercel Team.

### Optional

- `access_groups` (Set of String) If access groups are enabled on the team, and the user is a CONTRIBUTOR, `projects`, `access_groups` or both must be specified. A set of access groups IDs that the user should be granted access to.
- `email` (String) The email of the user to add to the team. Must specify one of user_id or email.
- `projects` (Attributes Set) If access groups are enabled on the team, and the user is a CONTRIBUTOR, `projects`, `access_groups` or both must be specified. A set of projects that the user should be granted access to, along with their role in each project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects))
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user to add to the team. Must specify one of user_id or email.

### Read-Only

- `confirmed` (Boolean) Whether the user has confirmed their invitation.

<a id="nestedatt--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects`

Required:

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project that the user should be granted access to.
- `role` (String) The role that the user should have in the project.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# To import, use the team_id and user_id.
terraform import vercel_team_member.example team_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx/uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
```
