---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_team_config Resource - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the configuration of an existing Vercel Team.
---

# vercel_team_config (Resource)

Manages the configuration of an existing Vercel Team.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vercel_file" "example" {
  path = "example/avatar.png"
}

resource "vercel_team_config" "example" {
  id                                    = "team_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  avatar                                = data.vercel_file.example.file
  name                                  = "Vercel terraform example"
  slug                                  = "vercel-terraform-example"
  description                           = "Vercel Terraform Example"
  sensitive_environment_variable_policy = "off"
  remote_caching = {
    enabled = true
  }
  enable_preview_feedback         = "off"
  enable_production_feedback      = "off"
  hide_ip_addresses               = true
  hide_ip_addresses_in_log_drains = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the existing Vercel Team.

### Optional

- `avatar` (Map of String) The `avatar` should be a the 'file' attribute from a vercel_file data source.
- `description` (String) A description of the team.
- `email_domain` (String) Hostname that'll be matched with emails on sign-up to automatically join the Team.
- `enable_preview_feedback` (String) Enables the Vercel Toolbar on your preview deployments: one of on, off or default.
- `enable_production_feedback` (String) Enables the Vercel Toolbar on your production deployments: one of on, off or default.
- `hide_ip_addresses` (Boolean) Indicates if ip addresses should be accessible in o11y tooling.
- `hide_ip_addresses_in_log_drains` (Boolean) Indicates if ip addresses should be accessible in log drains.
- `name` (String) The name of the team.
- `preview_deployment_suffix` (String) The hostname that is used as the preview deployment suffix.
- `remote_caching` (Attributes) Configuration for Remote Caching. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_caching))
- `saml` (Attributes) Configuration for SAML authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml))
- `sensitive_environment_variable_policy` (String) Ensures that all environment variables created by members of this team will be created as Sensitive Environment Variables which can only be decrypted by Vercel's deployment system.: one of on, off or default.
- `slug` (String) The slug of the team. Will be used in the URL of the team's dashboard.

### Read-Only

- `invite_code` (String) A code that can be used to join this team. Only visible to Team owners.

<a id="nestedatt--remote_caching"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_caching`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if Remote Caching is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml`

Optional:

- `enforced` (Boolean) Indicates if SAML is enforced for the team.
- `roles` (Attributes Map) Directory groups to role or access group mappings. For each directory group, specify either a role or access group id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml--roles))

<a id="nestedatt--saml--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.roles`

Optional:

- `access_group_id` (String) The access group id to assign to the user.
- `role` (String) The team level role to assign to the user. One of 'MEMBER', 'OWNER', 'VIEWER', 'DEVELOPER', 'BILLING' or 'CONTRIBUTOR'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Team config can be imported via the team ID.
# - team_id can be found in the team `settings` tab in the Vercel UI.
terraform import vercel_team_config.example team_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```
